//Extra notes that i have made when working on state diagrams - Wee

Changes i made to Elle's state diagrams as below.
**Alot of changes made wgere made so that they start from an INITIAL state. OFF/IDLE.
1. Audio - added engine off
2. Battery - added engine turned on
3. Coolant tank - modified to only change from idle to pumping state
4. Engine - modified
5. Modified the dashboard state diagrams
6. Front wheels - if you are in the left state, if you turn right, your wheels
will go to the straight position first before going all the way to the right.
Rotating or not, it will be determined by the speed values of the car
7. Modified fuel pump to pump. 
8. ADDED front wheel drive train and rear wheel drivetrain. This is to differentiate the 
different drivetrain of the car. Removed rear_wheel state diagram. So in the class diagram
it should just be wheels powered by engine bool variable. 
9. Maybe in terms of implementation we initialize all the values at the start of simulation?
We start the car with no states, one of the example values that needs initialzing is the 
powered by engine variable. maybe? 
10. Dashboard class would encapsulate EngineTemp, CurrentSpeed, and FuelLevel classes. 
All these different classes have functionalities where they query the right component
for the data they need. Remove temperature gauge from state diagram.
11. Highbeams can be inherited from an abstract class that has just on/off values. 
12. A few use cases needs modification when im done with the state diagrams. 
13. A few examples of abstract classes that we can have:
left - right - straight
pumping - idle
on - off
14. The behaviour for a motor will be like an engine for the electric cars, hydrogen cars
and hybrid cars. The engine behaves differently here.
15. If a fuel stack is on means it is taking fuel from the hydrogen tank. 
15. We should not use the term "Axle". Drive shaft is for transfer of power from the engine.
For the steering system, we use steering wheels, steering rod and the steering rack.
16. Added rear defroster and hazard lights into text file "state-diagram-stuffs".
